PR to position introduction (#9)
mwelzl/draft-ccwg-ratelimited-increase: draft-welzl-ccwg-ratelimited-increase.md

# Introduction

A sender of a congestion controlled transport protocol becomes "rate-limited" when it does not have data to send
even though the congestion control rules would allow it to transmit data.
This could occur because the application has not provided sufficient data to fully utilise the congestion window (cwnd).
It couldalso occur because a sender is limited because the receiver has limited the flow control

> (e.g., by the advertised TCP receiver window (rwnd) or by the conenction or stream flow credit in quic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(e.g., by the advertised TCP receiver window (rwnd) or by the connection or stream flow credit in quic).
```

Current RFCs specifying congestion control mechanisms diverge regarding the rules for increasing the cwnd when the sender is rate-limited.

Congestion Window Validation (CWV) {{?RFC7661}} provides an experimental specification defining how to manage a cwnd that has
becone larger than the current flight size.
In contrast, this present document concerns the increase in cwnd when a sender is rate is limited. These two topics are distinct,

> but are related, because both define describe the managment of cwnd when the sender does not fully utilise the current cwnd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but are related, because both describe the management of cwnd when the sender does not fully utilise the current cwnd.
```
